{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh18340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
ANGRIST & KRUEGER 1991, DOES COMPULSORY ATTENDANCE AFFECT SCHOOLING AND EARNINGS?\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 The data (angrist-krueger_1991.csv) are from the Angrist Data Archive ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://economics.mit.edu/people/faculty/josh-angrist/angrist-data-archive"}}{\fldrslt https://economics.mit.edu/people/faculty/josh-angrist/angrist-data-archive}}). Professor Deming has done some initial cleaning.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
VARIABLE DESCRIPTIONS\
\
lnw 		Natural log of weekly wages. \
educ		Years of completed schooling. \
age		Age in whole years at the time of the March CPS survey.\
ageq		Age in quarter-years. Calculated as: age + (qob - 1) * 0.25 This variable captures within-year-of-birth age differences. For example, someone born in Q3 with age = 40 would have ageq = 40.5.\
agesq		Square of ageq. Used to control for nonlinear age effects on earnings.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 yob		Year of birth (e.g., 1923 to 1939). \
qob		Quarter of birth: 1 = Jan\'96Mar 2 = Apr\'96Jun 3 = Jul\'96Sep 4 = Oct\'96Dec\
race		Race indicator: 1 = White 0 = Nonwhite\
married	Marital status: 1 = Married 0 = Not married\
smsa		Lives in a Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area (urban indicator). 1 = Urban 0 = Rural\
enocent	East North Central region (dummy variable)\
esocent	East South Central region (dummy variable)\
midatl		Middle Atlantic region (dummy variable)\
mt		Mountain region (dummy variable)\
neweng	New England region (dummy variable)\
soatl		South Atlantic region (dummy variable)\
wnocent	West North Central region (dummy variable)\
wsocent	West South Central region (dummy variable)\
census	Census division code. Categorical identifier for standard regional groupings (e.g., 70 = South Atlantic).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}